Feat: support step group with substep in the workflow (#3772)
kubevela/kubevela: design/vela-core/workflow_policy.md

     type: notification
```

### Case 7: step group

> In this case, user run several workflow steps in a step-group workflow type. the subSteps in step group will execute in dag mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the user runs multiple workflow steps in the `step-group` workflow type. Substeps in a step group will be executed in dag mode.
```

```yaml
workflow:
  steps:
  - type: step-group
    name: run-step-group1
    subSteps: 
    - name: sub-step1
      type: ...
      ...
    - name: sub-step2
      type: ...
      ...

```

> The process goes as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process is as follows:

- When executing a `step-group` step, the substeps in the step group are executed in dag mode. A step group will only complete when all substeps have been executed to completion.
```
